=pod

=head1 NAME

App::CPAN::Dependents - Recursively find all reverse dependencies for a
distribution or module

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use App::CPAN::Dependents 'find_all_dependents';
  my $dependents = find_all_dependents(module => 'JSON::Tiny'); # or dist => 'JSON-Tiny'
  print "Distributions dependent on JSON::Tiny: @$dependents\n";
  
  # From the commandline
  $ cpan-dependents --with-recommends JSON::Tiny
  $ cpan-dependents -c JSON-Tiny

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<App::CPAN::Dependents> provides the function L</"find_all_dependents">
(exportable on demand) for the purpose of determining all distributions which
are dependent on a particular CPAN distribution or module.

This module uses the MetaCPAN API, and must perform several requests
recursively, so it may take a long time (sometimes minutes) to complete. If the
function encounters HTTP errors (including when querying a nonexistent module
or distribution) or is unable to connect, it will die.

This module will only find distributions that explicitly list prerequisites in
metadata; C<dynamic_config> will not be used. Also, it assumes distributions
are "well-behaved" and thus declare all provided modules in the C<provides>
metadata, and only modules which they are authorized to provide. Any
distributions that do not follow this behavior may lead to incorrect results.

See L<cpan-dependents> for command-line usage.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 find_all_dependents

  my $dependents = find_all_dependents(module => 'JSON::Tiny', recommends => 1);

Find all dependent distributions. Returns an array reference of distribution
names. The following parameters are accepted:

=over

=item module

The module name to find dependents for. Mutually exclusive with C<dist>.

=item dist

The distribution to find dependents for. Mutually exclusive with C<module>.

=item http

Optional L<HTTP::Tiny> object to use for querying MetaCPAN. If not specified, a
default L<HTTP::Tiny> object will be used.

=item recommends

Boolean value, if true then C<recommends> prerequisites will be considered in
the results. Defaults to false.

=item suggests

Boolean value, if true then C<suggests> prerequisites will be considered in the
results. Defaults to false.

=item develop

Boolean value, if true then C<develop> phase prerequisites will be considered
in the results. Defaults to false.

=item debug

Boolean value, if true then debugging information will be printed to STDERR as
it is retrieved.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book, C<dbook@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2015, Dan Book.

This library is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the Artistic License version 2.0.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<cpan-dependents>, L<Test::DependentModules>, L<MetaCPAN::Client>,
L<CPAN::Meta::Spec>

=cut
